# Agricultural-Benefits-for-Producer-and-Consumer

# Reddy-7396465773

Marketing network for agriculture commodities for the benefits of producer and customer is to develop a system which provides the online marketing network for agriculture commodities for the profits.  The purpose is to design a system which reduces the middleman work and direct interaction between farmers and retail sellers or wholesaler. Generally agriculture is the backbone of INDIA. In INDIA, almost 75 percent of the population is depending on the agriculture. Usually agriculture means farming the crops. In this country, farmers cultivate several types of crops like Vegetables etc,. The middleman will approach the farmers and produced crops are purchased at a low price. By this process, the farmers will not getting sufficient profits on those crops. But the middleman gets more profits by purchased crops from the farmers. Then that produced crops sold to the customers at relatively very high price because of a large number of middlemen involved.  By this, the farmers are getting loss instead of profits. 
	Direct contact between the farmers and retail seller or wholesaler can reduce the number of middlemen work involved in this market chain. If the middlemen work will reduce, then automatically the farmer gets profits on their cultivated crops. By this system, they may reduce this wide price gap or a real time interactive system for communication between farmers and retail seller or wholesaler. When the retailer needs to buy a product, the retailer will check the products which through this website and put an order that what the product he need. Then the producer will see the order and he can generate the bill for that ordered product. The retailer will approach directly to the producer by the producer’s contact number and he will collect the product and pay the bill. Otherwise by the retailers demand, the producer will generate a bill include the transportation charges and he will provide his bank account number. When the retailer will transfer the amount to the producer’s account, then the producer will deliver the product to the retailer. Retailer will sell that received products to the consumers include his transporting and tax for his profits. 
